dev/client/bucketListApp/plugins/org.apache.cordova.console/doc/index.md, before:

<!---
    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
-->

# org.apache.cordova.console

This plugin is meant to ensure that console.log() is as useful as it can be. If
you are not unhappy with how console.log() works for you, then you probably
don't need this plugin.

## Installation

    cordova plugin add org.apache.cordova.console

Commit message:

the bucketlist project is working but the icons on the header are not working there is some issue

dev/client/bucketListApp/plugins/org.apache.cordova.console/doc/index.md, after:

<!---
    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
-->

# org.apache.cordova.console

This plugin is meant to ensure that console.log() is as useful as it can be.
It adds additional function for iOS, Ubuntu, Windows Phone 8, and Windows 8. If
you are happy with how console.log() works for you, then you probably
don't need this plugin.

This plugin defines a global `console` object.

Although the object is in the global scope, features provided by this plugin
are not available until after the `deviceready` event.

    document.addEventListener("deviceready", onDeviceReady, false);
    function onDeviceReady() {
        console.log("console.log works well");
    }

## Installation

    cordova plugin add org.apache.cordova.console

### Android Quirks

On some platforms other than Android, console.log() will act on multiple
arguments, such as console.log("1", "2", "3"). However, Android will act only
on the first argument. Subsequent arguments to console.log() will be ignored.
This plugin is not the cause of that, it is a limitation of Android itself.
